NAS-101052 doc installing docker to VM on FN. (#1574)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/virtualmachines.rst

   Creating a Sample Virtual Machine

.. _Installing Docker:

Installing Docker
-----------------

To install Docker on %brand%, it must be installed inside of a virtual
machine.

> Choose an operating system and install it on %brand% by following the

Reviewer: This needs to be more specific: "a *Linux* distro."  Let's recommend Ubuntu, but say that others will also work.

steps in :ref:`Creating VMs`.

> When the operating system has been installed as a VM, go into the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Linux operating system has been installed, start the VM.
Connect to it by ...
```

> Go to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `Docker docs <https://docs.docker.com/>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> and follow the instructions on installing and using Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the
`Docker documentation <https://docs.docker.com/>`__
on installation and usage.
```

> for the chosen operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   Creating a Sample Virtual Machine

.. _Installing Docker:

Installing Docker
-----------------

`Docker <https://www.docker.com/>`__

> can be used on %brand$ by installing it on a Linux virtual machine.

Reviewer: Typo.

Choose a Linux distro and install it on %brand% by following the
steps in :ref:`Creating VMs`. Using
`Ubuntu <https://ubuntu.com/>`__
is recommended, but other distros work too.

> After the Linux operating system has been installed,start the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After Linux has been installed, start the VM.
```

Connect to it by clicking
|ui-chevron-right| :menuselection:`--> VNC`.
Follow the
`Docker documentation <https://docs.docker.com/>`__

> on installation and usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for Docker installation and usage.
```

Installing Docker
-----------------

`Docker <https://www.docker.com/>`__
can be used on %brand% by installing it on a Linux virtual machine.

Choose a Linux distro and install it on %brand% by following the
steps in :ref:`Creating VMs`. Using
`Ubuntu <https://ubuntu.com/>`__

> is recommended, but other distros work too.

Reviewer: This is really informal, and does not need to be that long.
```suggestion
is recommended.
```
